Miss Tian, you misunderstood, right?
City Lord Lu
I know that your peak understanding does not ask for anything in return.
But I will always remember this kindness in my heart
How do you know it wasn't me who saved you?
you
Let's not talk about whether you are willing to save me or not
Can you handle the day on him?
And you don't see what this place is
Sea Dragon Palace Villa
The most prestigious place in Haicheng
Who else can afford to live except for the hygienist?
Sister Tianya, you misunderstood.
The Sea Dragon Palace is not my residence
Not your bed
Mr. Qing, I'll go first
You definitely didn't save me.
Believe it or not
I don't ask you to repay the past anyway
Hey wait a minute
I have something else to ask you
Qi Tian, come and taste my love breakfast
You did it.
I personally
Let what you do
Miss Ye
Oh, I see.
You must have saved me